Add python3 and python3-pip to the docker image (#23190)
web-platform-tests/wpt: tools/docker/README.md

This docker images is used for testing Chrome, Firefox, WebKitGTK and running
other tasks on Taskcluster. When any of the files in this directory change, the
images must be updated as well. Doing this requires you be part of the

> 'webplatformtests' organization on dockerhub; ping @Hexcles or @stephenmcgruer

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
'webplatformtests' organization on Docker Hub; ping @Hexcles or @stephenmcgruer
```

if you aren't.

In this directory, run the following, where `<tag>` is of the form

> `webplatformtests/wpt:{current-version + 0.1}`:

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
`webplatformtests/wpt:{current-version + 0.01}`:
```
